FONTLOG for the Elstob fonts

Elstob is a variable font intended to support medievalists working with European languages
that use the Latin script, but the character set is also complete for all modern European
languages using the Latin script. It is intended to contain all Unicode characters commonly
used by medievalists. In addition, it includes the complete Unicode Runic range and all
characters used in the International Phonetic Alphabet.

The variable font includes Weight, Optical Size and Grade axes. For details, see the "Features
and Character Set" document.

The model for this font is the Double Pica commissioned by Bishop John Fell, cut by the Dutch
designer Peter De Walpergen, and used by the Oxford University Press in the late seventeenth
and early eighteenth centuries. Wherever possible, it is based on a specimen printed in 1925
with type cast in the 1890s from the seventeenth-century matrices.

18 April 2020
Withdrew from consideration for Google Fonts; various fixes; rolled to v1.002.

21 April 2020
Added lowtildemod (U+02F7)

11 May 2020
Added is (U+A76D). Time for a release (1.003).

24 August 2020
Various changes now complete. A more expansive format 4 STAT table. Superscript numbers, both
lining and oldstyle, with slashed zeros. Hinting now via Xgridfit 3 (updated to speed
font development and handle variable fonts. Grade (GRAD) scale changed to 0-1 at request of
Google Fonts. A number of minor bugs and inconsistencies have been addressed.

31 August 2020

Math symbols corrected and expanded: the math symbols in the Adobe
Latin 2 character set are now covered, with operators a consistent
weight and correctly aligned on the math axis (two different axes to
harmonize with lining and oldstyle figures). Also subscript numbers
(with a subs feature to support them), right- and left-pointing
arrows, emptyset, and prime and double-prime.

5 September 2020

Corrected the STAT table, which now uses mostly format 2 AxisValues. Earlier versions
had problems with Adobe InDesign, but this version works there and in all other apps
that I've been able to test. Thomas Linard contributed generously to the project of
getting the STAT table right (See Issue #7, STAT version).

1 October 2020

Adjusted features to match those of JuniusX as closely as possible. In
all but a very few instances it should now be possible to change the font
from Elstob or ElstobD to JuniusX without loss. Added U+0180, U+A748,
U+A749 (plus small cap version of the latter two). These are basic
needs for diplomatic transcription of Latin texts. Other changes are
minor.

18 October 2020

Changed features so that hist/ss03 produces invariable longs and ss11 invariable
rrotunda, and the same is true when these letters are entered directly. ss08 and
ss16 produce contextual longs (in English and French text) and contextual
rrotunda. This arrangement will be less confusing for users. Added cv52 for
access to a wider U+0335 and one that's wider on the right. Various minor fixes.
